Welcome to the Leading Change simulation!
Here, you will practice your leadership skills
by leading an organization through a significant transition.
Leading Change is one of the five
Executive Core Qualifications (ECQs),
and it involves the ability to bring about
strategic change, both within and outside the organization,
to meet organizational goals.
Inherent to this ECQ is the ability to establish
an organizational vision and to implement it
in a continuously changing environment.
As you lead your team through this transition,
you will need to manage all the aspects
of your daily office environment: emails [chime], voicemails [chime],
text messages [chime], phone calls [ring], and meetings.
The difficult decisions you make will impact your team,
your relationship with your supervisor,
and the outcome of an important initiative.
The Secretary of your Department,
the Department of Innovation and Technology, or DIT
has recently issued her Strategic Plan for the next 4 years,
and one of her top priorities is to implement
a Human Resources Information Technology (HRIT)
Integration Plan that will transform the agency's outdated
and inefficient paper-based processes
to a more streamlined digital-based approach.
The goal of this initiative is to capitalize on
the advancements in technology to automate all HR processes
and give employees access and control over their data.
The Secretary has appointed you as the
Executive Director of the newly established
Office of Human Resources and Technology (OHRT)
to lead this change effort. You have been allocated a budget
of $1.5 million to complete the HRIT Integration Plan,
which includes the development of an online HRIT System
that will capture information on each of
the agency's 6,500 employees. There is a tight timeline,
as the end of the fiscal year
will put a halt to all Web development.
You have 6 months to launch this system.
While you manage multiple teams and multiple projects
in this role, your specific challenge here
is to lead the HRIT System Team to success.
Be sure to check your email and voicemail,
and read over any other materials that you find.
Then you'll be ready to meet your team. Let's get started!
A copy of your mission is available in Resources
if you'd like to keep it open for your reference.